[16.0][IMP] l10n_jp_summary_invoice: add is_not_for_billing in partner level (#108)
OCA/l10n-japan: l10n_jp_summary_invoice/readme/CONFIGURE.rst

  the summary invoice report.
- **Show Invoice Total Amount**: If selected, the total amount per invoice will appear
  in the summary invoice report.

> To exclude billing for invoices created by that partner:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To exclude billing for invoices created by a particular partner:
```

> To exclude billing for invoices created by a particular partner:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To exclude billing for invoices created for a particular partner:
```

- Go to Contacts and select the partner.

> - In the Accounting tab, enable Is not for billing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In the Accounting tab, enable 'Is Not For Billing'.
```

> - In the Accounting tab, enable 'Is Not For Billing'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In the Invoicing (or Accounting) tab, enable 'Is Not For Billing'.
```
